Add section on how to setup testing workspace (#12)
crate/cratedb-tableau-connector: DEVELOP.md

git clone git@github.com:crate/cratedb-tableau-connector.git
```

# Setting up the testing workspace:

> Now that the environment is set up, we need to also set up the tableau test files and data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the environment is set up, we need to also set up the Tableau test files and data.
```

Tdvt workflow is documented here: https://tableau.github.io/connector-plugin-sdk/docs/tdvt, it is pretty lengthy, you
can follow the official tdvt docs or continue reading and do step by step.

> Note: There is also a [50 minute video by the tableau team ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAgnnByJIJA) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: There is also a [50 minute video by the tableau team](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAgnnByJIJA).

```

## Set up CrateDB.

> The quickest way to setup CrateDB is with docker https://cratedb.com/docs/guide/install/container/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quickest way to set up CrateDB is by [using Docker](https://cratedb.com/docs/guide/install/container/).
```

```shell
docker run --publish=4200:4200 --publish=5432:5432 --env CRATE_HEAP_SIZE=1g --pull=always crate
```

## Set up ``tdvt`` execution profile.

1. Go to `./tests/config/tdvt/tdvt_override.ini` and put the path of your installation's `tabquerytool.exe`, for example

> for my in windows it is: `C:\Program Files\Tableau\Tableau 2024.3\bin\tabquerytool.exe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on a Windows machine it is: `C:\Program Files\Tableau\Tableau 2024.3\bin\tabquerytool.exe`
```

> 2. [Download](https://github.com/tableau/connector-plugin-sdk/tree/master/tests/datasets/TestV1) and Load the table `calcs` and `staples` to your CrateDB instance. You can use the script in `./data/setup_data.py`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Download datasets](https://github.com/tableau/connector-plugin-sdk/tree/master/tests/datasets/TestV1) and load the table `calcs` and `staples` into your CrateDB instance. You can use the script in `./data/setup_data.py`,
```
